Make non-json isAuthorized and validate public, rework wasm interfaces (#737)
cedar-policy/cedar: cedar-policy/CHANGELOG.md

- Deprecated error `TypeErrorKind::ImpossiblePolicy` in favor of warning
  `ValidationWarningKind::ImpossiblePolicy` so future improvements to Cedar
  typing precision will not result in breaking changes. (resolving #539)

> - Made `isAuthorized` and `validate` functions in the frontend public, as well as their related structs: `AuthorizationAnswer`, `AuthorizationCall`, `ValidateCall`, `ValidationSettings`, `ValidationMode`, `ValidateAnswer`, `ValidationNote`. (#737) 

Reviewer: Nits 🙂 
```suggestion
- Made `is_authorized` and `validate` functions in the frontend public, as well as their related structs: `AuthorizationAnswer`, `AuthorizationCall`, `ValidationCall`, `ValidationSettings`, `ValidationEnabled`, `ValidationError`, `ValidationWarning`, `ValidationAnswer`. (#737) 
```
